Update the utility features section of the documentation (#1592)
dottxt-ai/outlines: docs_new/features/utility/application.md

## Overview

> To create an `Application` instance, initiliaze the class with a prompt template and an output type. You can then call the application with a model and the variables defined in your template in a dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `Application` combines a prompt template with an output type, creating a reusable component that can be applied to different models. 

Applications are useful for simplifying repeated tasks where you have a well-defined `Template` and a fixed output type, such as classification tasks or data extraction.

To create an `Application` instance, initialize the class with a prompt template and an output type. You can then call the application with a model and the variables defined in your template in a dictionary.
```

I actually liked the deleted first paragraph, let's leave it in.

For instance:

```python
from typing import Literal
import transformers
from outlines import Application, Template, from_transformers

# Create a template
template_str = "Is {{ name }} a boy or a girl name?"""
template = Template.from_string(template_str)

# Create a model
model = from_transformers(
    transformers.AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained("microsoft/Phi-3-mini-4k-instruct"),
    transformers.AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("microsoft/Phi-3-mini-4k-instruct")
)

# Create the application and call it to generate text
application = Application(template, Literal["boy", "girl"])
response = application(model, {"name": "Alice"}, max_new_tokens=10)
print(response) # "girl"
```

Instead of providing an Outlines `Template` instance, you can provide a `Callable` that returns a string. The parameters of the callable are used as the variables of the template such that you must provide values for them in the dictionary when calling the application.

For instance, the following function would be equivalent to the template defined above when used in an application:

```python
def template(name: str) -> str:
    return f"Is {name} a boy or a girl name?"

> ```

Reviewer: Can you give more of an example of what using this template function would look like? It's a little hard for me to visualize.
